You've heard me talk about proxies several times before in
this course. But right now, I want to focus on production
architecture for your proxies if you need them.
Specifically here, I'm talking about web proxies, or
reverse proxies, for the HTTP protocol.
The common ports there are port 80 and 443.
As you might have imagined, or as you've probably had
troubles with on your own machine, how do you get multiple
containers to all list on 443 and 80?
How do you get all these different containers to respond on
that port? The answer is a proxy that looks
at the URL, or the DNS name, or both.
And then routes the request to the backend containers based
on those incoming requests.
In this scenario, Nginx and HAProxy are the
two traditional options, and you can use those natively
in sort of their pure, official format.
But, you can also just search for Docker, or Kubernetes, or
whatever you might be using, ECS, something like that.
You might find proxy containers with those tools that have
specific scripts, or other additional tools in them,
to make it easier depending on your setup.
You've seen in this course I've talked about Traefik.
Traefik is sort of the new kid on the block.
I really like it just because it has features
that are specific to the problems that we're trying to face
with all these different containers running on either a
single host, or in a cluster, like with Swarm, or
Kubernetes, or ECS.
Traefik automatically does things like Let's Encrypt, SSL
certificates. It allows you to easily configure from the
command line without being forced to use a config file,
and lots of other benefits. They're getting ready to
release a new version at this point.
The 2.0 is still not quite officially released.
But, the 2.0 version of Traefik is going to have a lot more
functionality, including non HTTP protocols.
You definitely want to check that out even for your
production workloads.
I can't stress enough that early on in your design
of whether you're building new Node.js apps, or converting
from Node.js apps that are precontainer and
putting them into containers, that you consider
whether or not you need proxies at all.
If you are going to use them, how they're going to be set
up.
Here's a couple of network diagrams and different
ways you can go about considering your proxies when you
deal with Node.js containers.
If you were making Node.js apps before Docker,
you might have a cloud server over here, and your
users are over here.
You would probably just be running Node straight on the VM.
Then, a proxy app on
that same machine. So, it might be HAProxy, Nginx,
whatever.
Then, users are talking directly to that server,
and the proxy is listening on port 80.
Then it's probably passing traffic over to Node using
localhost.
All right. That's a pretty traditional model for a single
server, simplistic setup.
As we change to Docker, that changes
a little bit. If we just look at a single Docker
server, same scenario, server and user,
then we've got two containers.
These aren't bundled in the same container, right.
So, we have Node running in here in one container.
We've got your proxy app running in a different
container.
That proxy is published on port 80
and probably 443.
Then, it's using Docker networking on the backend to
pass the traffic over to the Node app.
It's not using localhost because that, in the proxy
container, would be the proxy itself.
So, obviously it's going to be using Docker networking
there. Then, the user would talk to the published
port of the proxy there. So, not a whole lot of difference.
But when you shift to multiple servers, that's
when you start to consider clustering.
When you need more than one server, and you don't want to
have to individually control each one.
I would note that in this situation, if you simply wanted a
couple of servers, and they were going to run your Node app
for redundancy on across a couple servers, you would just
do this same thing on a couple of machines, and you would
control them individually.
But, that starts to get tedious.
Let's look at a different example.
In this case, we've got three servers running Docker,
and the user needs to get that same website.
So, multiple, different options exist here.
You might have a container with Node running in it
on each box.
You might have a proxy on each
one of those as well. We've got Node and proxy, Node
and proxy, and that same setup, right.
So, that's a simple design.
It's probably not good for orchestration because typically,
in an orchestrator like Kubernetes, ECS and Swarm,
you're not going to have the exact, same number of Node
processes as you would have proxies.
You probably just want enough proxies to be redundant,
maybe two or three.
But, you might need eight or ten of
your containers running your Node app, just for either
performance or capacity reasons.
Depending on which orchestrator you use, you might have
one or two servers using DNS round-robin,
where the user's browser would be getting different
connections to different servers.
Then, they would be connecting to the proxy there, just
like we saw before.
Then, the proxy on the backend would go to the Node there.
But, when you're in a cluster like this, you really want to
use all the Node apps.
So, depending on your orchestrator, you're going to be
using this backend network in the orchestration
so that your proxies pass the connections into
that network.
Then, that network maybe has a load balancer, or
something that's going to sit in front of your Node apps.
So, it's another layer.
Then, your traffic would pass to your Node apps on each
individual box. Go back out, depending on the
routing rules in round-robin and all that sort of thing.
Again, how you set up that proxy is very specific
to the orchestrator and tooling that you're using.
So, you're definitely going to want to spend some time
understanding whether there's a built-in proxy for that
system, like Ingress for Kubernetes.
Or, whether you're going to need to add something on your
own, like with Swarm.
Maybe you might have this other option where if
you're using something like ECS, or Kubernetes with its
Ingress with an external load balancer, you
might have something up front.
This is a different design where the user's hitting
a load balancer that's external,
Like an Amazon ALB or ELB,
that sits in front of your servers.
And, in this case, you may be able to get away with not
running the proxy at all, depending on how you argue
using your proxy. If you're simply using your proxy for
port traffic, and you only really care about
making sure that all your Node apps are responded to, your
load balance can pass traffic over here.
Maybe this one's running on 8080.
Maybe this one over here is running on 4320.
It can pass the traffic to these in
a different fashion.
I've just picked random ports here because depending on
your design, these containers may spin up on different
ports. It's the job of your orchestrator, back
here, to let the load balancer know
where all the Node containers are running and how to get
to them. Of course, with the different designs I've shown
here, there are lots of middle ground.
There are options where you use an external load balancer
and proxies inside your containers.
Really, if you can make it up, it's probably been done
before. This is important to understand.
How are your connections coming in?
Then also, how are your services
inside your server, or cluster, reaching each other when
they need to?